c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.exe.config
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.exe
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.pdb
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\obj\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.frmMain.resources
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\obj\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\obj\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\obj\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.exe
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\obj\Debug\SqlToCSharpGenerator.pdb
c:\users\luislu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\Entity.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\Insert-sp.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\Update-dal.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\Update-sp.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\Insert-dal.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\Delete-dal.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\Delete-sp.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\GetList-dal.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\GetList-sp.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\GetById-dal.txt
C:\Users\luislu\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SqlToCSharpGenerator\SqlToCSharpGenerator\bin\Debug\Templates\GetById-sp.txt
